README.md, before:

InfoBubble – A Google Maps JavaScript API utility library
==============

A Google Maps JavaScript API v3 library to create customizable CSS3-based InfoWindows. It supports tabbed content and uses CSS3 for rounded corners, drop shadows, and animations.
![Analytics](https://ga-beacon.appspot.com/UA-12846745-20/js-info-bubble/readme?pixel)

Migrated from the [Google Maps JavaScript API utility libraries on Google Code](https://code.google.com/p/google-maps-utility-library-v3/).

## Live Demo

[![InfoBubble Screenshot](https://googlemaps.github.io/js-info-bubble/screenshot.png)](https://googlemaps.github.io/js-info-bubble/examples/example.html)

[Example page](https://googlemaps.github.io/js-info-bubble/examples/example.html)

## Contributing

Want to contribute? Check out the [contributing guide](CONTRIBUTING.md)!

## License

Copyright 2014 Google Inc. All rights reserved.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.

Commit message:

InfoBubble for Tencent Maps API
Modify original InfoBubble for Google Maps API to InfoBubble for
Tencent Maps API. Use corresponding Tencent Maps API to replace Google
Maps API usage.

README.md, after:

InfoBubble – A Tencent Maps JavaScript API utility library
==============

A Tencent Maps JavaScript API v3 library to create customizable CSS3-based InfoWindows. It supports tabbed content and uses CSS3 for rounded corners, drop shadows, and animations.

This library is forked from the original [InfoBubble - A Google Maps JavaScript API utility library](https://github.com/googlemaps/js-info-bubble/).

## Live Demo

[![InfoBubble Screenshot](https://jasonwzs.github.io/js-info-bubble/screenshot.png)](https://jasonwzs.github.io/js-info-bubble/examples/example.html)

[Example page](https://jasonwzs.github.io/js-info-bubble/examples/example.html)

## License

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
